Add support for single json dict environment variable for protocol (#1194)
fsspec/filesystem_spec: docs/source/features.rst

Obviously, you should only define default values that are appropriate for
a given file system implementation. INI files only support string values.

Alternatively, you can provide overrides with environment variables of the style
``FSSPEC_{protocol}=<json_dict_value>`` and
``FSSPEC_{protocol}_{kwargname}=<string_value>``.

Configuration is determined in the following order, with later items winning:

> #. the contents of ini files, and json files in the config directory, sorted
>    alphabetically

Reviewer: Not really a part of this PR but...

Every time I read this first item, I find myself thinking "where the heck does fsspec think the 'config directory' is"?  And then I have to go search and find https://github.com/fsspec/filesystem_spec/blob/05b886ab23ae9de7d101d0621476ba61d66df29d/fsspec/config.py#L6-L7

Could we lump in this change here:
```suggestion
#.  ini and json files in the config directory (``FSSPEC_CONFIG_DIRECTORY`` or $HOME/.config/fsspec/), sorted
   lexically by filename
```

Reviewer 2: Feel free to repeat, yes
